You're just getting here?
Where's the chairman?
- He's taking a nap after lunch.
- Is anyone there?
Is anybody there?
Chairman, what's wrong?
Are you not feeling well?
Ma'am, please send me home.
I want to go home. Please let me go.
Please, calm down.
You're already home, Chairman.
No, this isn't my house.
I want to go home.
- Hey, where are you going?
- I'm going home.
Chairman, please!
Can you give me a hand here?
All right. Chairman, please calm down.
- Calm down.
- Here.
You'll feel better after you take this.
- I want to go home.
- Please take your medicine. Please...
- No, this is your house.
- Please, don't be like this.
- No, this isn't my house!
First, we need to confirm
if it's actually dementia,
and our next steps will depend
on what we find out.
Actually, I was just talking
to Lucia about that,
and if by some chance Min Doo Sik
is actually declared legally incompetent,
we can't just sit on our hands, can we?
What's urgent is stopping Min Kyung Chae
from becoming the next chairman.
I'll call you back.
Okay.
(Director Moon Tae Kyung)
How's the chairman doing?
The chairman? What about him?
Who told you? That my father has demen...
No matter how much you try to hide it,
anyone paying attention already knows.
Besides, do you know how much you've been
letting on without even knowing it?
I have? When did I ever do that?
That's not what's important right now.
So, how is the chairman?
My father is fine,
so don't you worry about it.
Kyung Chae wants to send him
to a nursing home...
Anyway, he's fine at home, so stop asking.
If you go around shooting your mouth off
about this,
I swear I won't let it slide.
I'll grab you by the throat! Got that?
Sending him to a nursing home?
I've selected a few places
outside the city...
where visitation is impossible
without a guardian's consent.
And we can have him admitted at any time?
Of course.
They ensure anonymity and are cut off,
so total confidentiality is assured.
Pick a place where no one
can see Father...
or discharge him without my permission.
On top of that, it has to be a place...
so locked down
that the only way out is in a body bag.
The problem, then, is when
to have him admitted.
We have the official opinion from
his primary doctor and your consent form,
and with one phone call, the nursing home
will send their people to pick him up.
We have to do it when Lucia isn't around.
She's his legal guardian.
If she objects, there's nothing we can do.
For her, the chairman is her meal ticket,
so she'll cling to him for dear life.
When Lucia isn't home,
we'll have the people
from the nursing home take him.
Once the chairman has been taken care of,
does that mean your era
will finally begin?
It has to.
I'll deal with Soo Jung and Ji Seop
when the time comes.
But first, the chairman.
Our hunch was right.
That snake Min Kyung Chae...
is scheming to put her father
in a nursing home.
That's what Moon Tae Kyung told me.
Legally, I'm his guardian,
so she can't do it without my consent.
When she gets desperate,
she'll do anything.
Don't you dare leave the house.
Stick to Min Doo Sik's side
no matter what.
Don't worry, I have no intention
of leaving the house.
As long as I'm here, she won't be able to
take Chairman Min by force.
So, Madam Jung... I mean...
You're going to make your move when that
woman isn't with the chairman, right?
"Make my move" sounds a bit dramatic.
But it is a big move.
Mingang is about to get a new chairman.
Manager Gong, you just keep a close eye
on that woman.
Don't worry.
You're not going out?
Why? Are you hoping I'll leave?
Don't you get stir-crazy
being inside all day?
Don't worry about the chairman,
and feel free to run your errands.
I'll keep a close eye on him.
No. I'll take care of the chairman,
so if you have errands to run, go ahead.
Well, then, why don't you at least
go to the grocery store?
That's not my job.
That's your job.
No, I just meant you could use
some fresh air.
Why the sudden need for fresh air?
Not unless I take the chairman with me.
With the chairman?
Yes.
I'm not leaving his side.
If you kick me out of the house
and send the chairman to a nursing home,
you think Min Kyung Chae will have it all,
don't you?
But that's never going to happen.
She's glued to the chairman's side
and won't budge.
- She won't budge?
- That's right.
I urged her to go to the chain store,
but she wasn't having any of it.
Can you believe it?
She told me to leave instead.
Does she know something, or what?
By the way, Ms. Kyung Chae,
once the chairman's in the nursing home,
it's a sure thing that you'll become
the new chairman, right?
Why do you ask?
- You don't like the idea?
- Of course not!
It's just... It feels surreal.
I have been waiting for so long
for the day...
you finally take over
Mingang Distribution.
Then help me take the chairman's seat
even one day sooner.
Keep a close eye on that woman
at the house,
and call me the second anything happens.
Got it?
Where did she go?
I'm grateful you accepted me as a daughter
and provided for me,
but was it too much to ask not to treat me
differently from your other children?
I know.
What my very existence meant to you,
and how you used me.
That's exactly what I can't
forgive you for.
That you're a calculating man
who would even exploit his own child.
Min Kyung Chae is just like you, Dad.
It's horrifying.
That's all the more reason
I can't let her take Mingang.
The day Min Kyung Chae becomes
the new head of Mingang,
I know I'll end up just like Mom.
Dad, you ending up like this?
You're just reaping what you sowed.
Now maybe Mom in eternity...
can finally rest a little easier.
What are you doing?
Getting the chairman's medicine.
Do you need something?
I need you to stick close
to Dad from now on.
All of a sudden?
- Why?
- Shouldn't you be doing that anyway?
A guardian should be with the patient.
So now you're finally admitting
that I'm your father's guardian?
You and Kyung Chae raised havoc
to get me kicked out of this house.
That wasn't so long ago.
Why bring that up now?
So why the sudden concern
for the chairman?
Do you really have to ask?
You're sharp, aren't you?
You know what Kyung Chae's up to.
I don't know. And I don't want to know.
So, if you want me to stay
by the chairman's side...
and watch him without lowering my guard,
just like you said...
then ask me.
Politely.
Fine. I'm asking.
Please watch over Dad carefully.
What's wrong?
I can't believe Soo Jung.
She's completely backing down to Lucia,
- asking her to take care of your father.
- Is that right?
I guess that makes sense.
Her future depends on how well
that woman protects Father now.
What?
And what does that mean?
Oh, right.
Why are you against sending your father
to a nursing home?
I already told you. Kyung Chae would be
the only one to benefit.
Do you think Soo Jung is sucking up
to that woman because she's clueless?
We need that woman on our side for now.
Because legally, she has all the power
over Father.
I don't get any of this.
According to Manager Gong,
Lucia is staying by Father on purpose.
So she's already on to us.
It seems so.
But we can't just drag her away
from Father.
She's a thorn in our side to the very end.
Then she knows what you're planning
to do to the chairman.
Maybe we could make up an excuse
and lure her out?
The way she's acting, I doubt she'll leave
the chairman's side for anything.
No. That woman, Lucia...
In this situation, she won't come out.
Then what do we do?
The house needs to be empty
for us to move Father.
I've already made arrangements
with the nursing home,
so let's figure out a way to lure Lucia
out of the house.
I heard you knew the chairman was ill.
That's what Ji Seop said.
It's not that I knew,
I just happened to find out.
He was making it so obvious,
it was impossible not to notice.
There's the company's image to consider,
not to mention the stock price.
I'm sure you're aware
this is highly confidential information.
What, you don't think I work for Mingang?
You consider yourself part of Mingang?
Funny, because that's not what I see.
Are you finished?
To everyone else, you might seem like
a responsible and diligent director,
but that's not what I see
in Moon Tae Kyung.
Someone full of secrets, schemes,
and ulterior motives.
An outsider who doesn't belong at Mingang,
not even in a hundred years.
And you, Lawyer Kim.
Shall I tell you what people see in you?
A fence-sitter,
playing both sides,
a master of riding coattails, perhaps?
The chairman is lying sick in bed,
so why is it that you look
so thrilled about it?
Fine.
Go on and run your mouth.
After I send Chairman Min
to the nursing home...
and CEO Min takes over Mingang,
I'll get rid of you first.
At this point, I don't even care
if you're really Moon Tae Kyung or not.
All that matters is that you're
on my bad side now.
You never know what life will bring.
Money, power... It's ultimately useless.
I'm done with money, money. Okay?
It's now all about health, health...
Is this about the chairman again?
He'll get better.
He's getting the best medicine and care.
What in the world are you talking about?
This isn't a cold you just get over.
Once you get it, it's game over.
I hear the chairman is not
doing very well.
His new wife must have her hands full.
His young wife must be going
through a nightmare taking care of him.
That's right, the new wife.
That's why I'm saying we should go
visit him while we can.
There you go again.
How many times do I have to tell you?
Ja Kyung said they're swamped
and told us not to come.
But how can we just ignore him like that?
We haven't seen him since his wedding.
And we should say hello to his new wife.
So this is really about you wanting
to see the young wife.
Are you jealous he's with a woman
young enough to be his daughter?
How crude. I don't even like young women.
I prefer a mature woman of beauty
and intelligence.
What are you talking about?
It's obvious you're green with envy.
Why don't you just pray
for my swift death?
My beautiful wife,
why do you always twist what I say?
Yang Mal Sook, if you keep this up,
you won't die peacefully in your sleep.
So your true colors are showing.
That's what you really want, isn't it?
For me to just drop dead
as soon as possible?
So you can marry some new, younger woman.
Fine, then just die.
I'll think about it after you're dead.
- Just die already. Go on, die.
- You drop dead first!
- No, you drop dead first!
- Hey, why are you two acting like this?
You should both live long, healthy lives.
You're meant to grow old together.
To me, you two look like lovebirds.
I don't get why you're fighting.
- Lovebirds, my foot!
What did you need to tell me so urgently?
I checked the chairman's medical chart,
and I found something strange.
Strange in what way?
Doctor Kim blocked an official diagnosis
for the chairman's illness.
Wait, does that mean...
So no one can officially confirm
the chairman's illness?
Exactly.
Even when his eldest daughter asked...
he gave her a doctor's note,
not an official diagnosis.
But why on earth would he do that?
It's got to be one of two things.
Either he didn't want word getting out
that the chairman has dementia,
- or he doesn't have it.
- Hold on.
So what you're saying is...
Are you saying the chairman might not
actually have dementia?
It's a definite possibility.
If an official diagnosis were issued,
it could become a liability later on,
so he blocked it as a precaution?
But I just don't get it.
If the chairman doesn't have dementia,
why would he be faking it?
Now that, I wouldn't know.
So it's a 50-50 shot, then.
Pretty much.
I knew something was off.
So whatever Min Doo Sik's reasons are...
we just stick to our plan, right?
Exactly.
Holding Chairman Min Doo Sik
legally accountable is important,
but who ends up with control of
Mingang Distribution is just as crucial.
Whoever becomes Mingang's new owner,
one thing will never change.
And that's the contribution
your parents made, Tae Kyung.
It was your parents' new technology...
that Mingang Distribution was built on.
That's a fact.
All I wanted was to reveal the injustice
done to my parents.
I thought that would be enough.
That's not enough.
The truth must be revealed, yes,
but who do you think provided the capital
that made Mingang what it is?
If he just took over your parents' company
and used it to build his own,
then it's time to return it
to its rightful owner.
Its rightful owner?
Yes. The rightful owner.
You finished your meal
and took your medicine.
You get an A-plus for today, Chairman.
Is Dad going to be like this
for the rest of his life?
Are you worried about him?
I've seen what dementia patients can be
like on TV. It's awful.
Don't be so pessimistic.
Not every dementia patient is like that.
Seeing Dad like this,
I have so many regrets.
I can't help but think
it's because I gave him so much grief.
How can you say that?
Don't blame yourself.
Se Ri, your father wouldn't want you
to feel this way.
He's not going to be
like this forever, is he?
That's never going to happen,
so don't worry.
I won't let that happen.
Hold on a second.
Dad.
You have to come back to your old self.
I don't care if you're the scary dad
who yells and gets mad at me,
you just have to get your mind back.
Promise me, okay?
- Is that really true?
- Apparently so.
Then I guess I'll have to find out
which side of that 50-50 chance is real.
Exactly.
The only way now is to test him directly.
So even if you happen to be alone
with Min Doo Sik,
don't let your guard down for a second.
We don't know what his endgame is,
but if he's not suffering from dementia,
it's vital you play your part perfectly.
Don't worry.
There's no way I'll blow my cover.
Just give him your absolute best care.
This whole thing might be...
all part of a plan.
Whenever I think of Father,
I just can’t focus at work.
What does Kyung Chae say?
What is there to say?
We're practically strangers these days.
So you two have become enemies
over the nursing home.
Actually, this is a great opportunity.
You should find a way
to completely rewrite his will.
The will? How could I possibly do that?
Why not?
His mind is gone, so what's the big deal?
I'm serious. He's completely lost it.
This is the perfect opportunity.
Well, I guess you have a point.
It startled me so much I woke up.
And Mom...
What are you doing?
Talking to Dad.
You're unbelievable.
It's not like he can understand a word.
What if he doesn't understand?
He loves it when I look him in the eye.
You wouldn't get it.
You little brat!
Seriously, even that little pipsqueak
is disrespecting me.
See that? This is all your fault, Father.
Because you always disrespected me,
Se Ri thinks she can do it too.
Let's be honest,
you've always looked down on me.
What kind of family on earth ignores
their perfectly capable eldest son...
and makes his daughters
the CEO and Director?
What kind of train wreck
of a family is that?
And then there's the will.
Don't you think that was going too far?
Just think about it for a second! Think!
Then again, I guess you can't think.
Anyway, with you ending up like this,
I'd say you got off easy.
You should have been a better person.
And maybe taken care of me.
I might as well be talking
to a brick wall.
What is it?
What? Who requested what?
Director Moon Tae Kyung requested
the cash flow statements...
and daily cash reports
from accounting and finance.
So, did you give them to him?
Well, they're not classified documents,
and a director formally requested them,
we didn't have a choice.
All right. I understand.
Keep reporting everything
Moon Tae Kyung does directly to me.
Why on earth would he need those?
What does he think he'll accomplish
by digging into my past?
Moon Tae Kyung.
What do you really think you can do to me?
Director Moon,
you must be very busy these days.
And what's that supposed to mean?
Doing your actual work,
and digging around behind people's backs.
- And whose past would I be digging into?
- Wouldn't you know the answer to that?
Whatever you're planning won't work,
so I'd stop wasting your energy.
Whatever I'm up to,
what concern is it of yours, Lawyer Kim?
Why? Got something to hide?
Oh, right. I guess it's true what they say
about a guilty conscience.
- What did you just say?
- Hey, come on, you two.
Why are you at each other's throats again?
You're professionals. Act like it.
Should you be acting like this
while the chairman is sick in bed?
It's confidential, but you both know
what the company is going through.
But seriously,
aren't you two going too far?
What's this? It looks spoiled.
I was cleaning out the fridge.
I'm going to throw it out
with the food waste.
This should've been thrown out ages ago.
I've been so distracted since the chairman
fell ill. I must have forgotten.
The chairman would have a fit if he knew.
He's an extremely particular man.
Oh, is he really?
He throws a fit if anything seems
even slightly off,
so he makes me throw out anything
that's even close to its expiration date.
Whether that man, Min Doo Sik, has
dementia or not...
is something only you can find out, Lucia.
I'll throw this out for you.
No, I'll do it.
I've got this.
Go back to your work, Manager Gong.
Chairman.
Here, try some of this.
It's your favorite.
So maybe he doesn't have
dementia after all?
Oh my gosh, I'm so out of it.
It's gone bad. I was about to toss it.
I'm so sorry, Chairman.
I don't know what I was thinking.
Stop eating.
Wait here. I'll go get you some water.
Chairman, here's some tea.
Oh my gosh, what have I done?
I'm so sorry, Chairman.
Are you okay?
You ate that spoiled food,
so I brought hot tea to help your stomach.
It's hot, isn't it?
This is so upsetting.
You can't tell you're eating spoiled food,
and you can't feel burns from hot water.
Chairman, how could this
have happened to you?
I guess it really is dementia.
I'll go get you some more water.
From what I saw, it really is dementia.
There's no other way to explain it.
Really? So, were we wrong about him?
I think so.
This is a huge problem.
So what do we do now?
Well,
just in case, let's try one last thing.
I think Tae Joo will have to be the one
to do it this time.
You must get stir-crazy being
cooped up at home all day.
I know I do, so I can only imagine
how you must feel.
Let's go get some fresh air.
Doesn't that sound nice?
I'll get everything ready.
Are you enjoying yourself, Chairman?
We'll go slowly.
Oh, my.
There are so many nice places
close to home.
Let's go for a walk all the way
around the lake.
Are you up for it?
This is a nice spot.
The sun feels nice.
Wait here for a minute.
I'm going to get you some warm citron tea.
Looks like you're completely out of it.
Hey, you.
Look, I need some money right now.
How about you lend me some?
Hey, I said I need some money.
Gosh, this guy's a walking corpse.
Well then, I'll just help myself.
Oh my, look at all this cash.
Wow, a platinum card.
Today's my lucky day.
I'll put this to good use.
You piece of trash!
How dare you touch me?
Do you have any idea who I am?
Wait, you're completely lucid?
I have my reasons for acting this way.
Did you really think I'd lost my mind?
You got a death wish?
Getting rid of a punk like you is easy.
So put it down and get lost while you can.
I'm sorry.
Here you go.
Chairman.
This citron tea smells wonderful.
Shall we head home now?
(The Woman Who Swallowed the Sun)
(Subtitles are provided by KOCOWA.)